all right so now we go to India we do
well look at your page there what that's
why we came from
I came from you're sending me back no
sir just for visit all right what do we
have we have sweaters context student of
Turin Guinea school of Karthik dance and
this is an item titled guru Vandana
which is an invocation to the gods who
are the performers scan well we have the
button you say the names - they're very
will do a job with the apologies to the
performance we have hella but Saahil
Rama rock and Shaheen Bhatia and they'll
be dancing on the grass because dancing
on stage is like threat dancing on a bed
of hot coals anyway so when can we say a
little bit about the item okay guru
Vandana composed and sung by the great
Indian master Caltech master Padma
Bhushan funded bicha Maharaj primarily
the word guru means a teacher and as
such it is a universal concept based on
the idea of transmitting knowledge from
a person who knows something to an
ignorant student like me for disciple in
an extended view a guru can also be a
priest a master a schoolteacher and even
a father or a mother only when there is
strong bond between guru and shisha the
student spiritual enlightenment
enlightenment might take place so here
they are
guru Vandana
good
we
good order there
Mihai
but
them
does she go away
no more
thus my boo
in the mall
whatever
is
thank you so very much
wasn't that wonderful is it this hot in
India Hashim it is this hot in India you
know we fare in the oven
yeah sure when you're in the oven